README.md, before:

# FinalYearGame

I designed, developed and tested a mystery, role-playing game with branching storylines using the Unity game engine as the final year project of my Bachelor's degree and received a grade of 82.

Below are screenshots of the game running, showing the start screen, parts of the map, combat, enemies and more. 

<img src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/56891175/272028226-22809149-560f-44c1-96bc-35c5c5d19593.png" width="700">

<img src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/56891175/272028257-ca083ec0-7b3f-4fdc-8645-c8fc3122fb97.png" width="700">

<img src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/56891175/272028319-50fc98ac-61ba-4538-bb73-c7fe78f20399.png" width="700">

<img src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/56891175/272028665-2a049798-04bb-4a73-8cf2-eccf1e076733.png" width="700">

<img src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/56891175/272029214-528b1791-d85f-4e3a-b367-67333f5f2449.png" width="700">

<img src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/56891175/272037445-fadf742e-31a6-4f81-85ae-fbcd3d60328c.png" width="700">

<img src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/56891175/272037728-000f1036-2464-41f2-8280-e7005362b368.png" width="700">

Commit message:

Added link to final report

README.md, after:

# FinalYearGame

I designed, developed and tested a mystery, role-playing game with branching storylines using the Unity game engine as the final year project of my Bachelor's degree and received a grade of 82.

The report for my project can be found [here](https://github.com/zita94/FinalYearGame/blob/6154e8de1b366cfec2d2f86e71de17869ed993f0/final_report.docx) where I have done detailed research, discussed design decisions, created a project timeline and evaluated my project. 

Below are screenshots of the game running, showing the start screen, parts of the map, combat, enemies and more. 

<img src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/56891175/272028226-22809149-560f-44c1-96bc-35c5c5d19593.png" width="700">

<img src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/56891175/272028257-ca083ec0-7b3f-4fdc-8645-c8fc3122fb97.png" width="700">

<img src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/56891175/272028319-50fc98ac-61ba-4538-bb73-c7fe78f20399.png" width="700">

<img src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/56891175/272028665-2a049798-04bb-4a73-8cf2-eccf1e076733.png" width="700">

<img src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/56891175/272029214-528b1791-d85f-4e3a-b367-67333f5f2449.png" width="700">

<img src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/56891175/272037445-fadf742e-31a6-4f81-85ae-fbcd3d60328c.png" width="700">

<img src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/56891175/272037728-000f1036-2464-41f2-8280-e7005362b368.png" width="700">
